From: Ron Diller  
Date: April 7, 2020 at 11:59:23 PM PDT 
To: Shanine Coats  
Subject: [EXTERNAL] We Won 
Dear Shanine, 
 
My reason for contacting you is that I’d like to present my new book, 
“We “Won”, to be part of your high school curriculum. The book is on 
the lives of six holocaust survivors told in their own words written 
in the first person culled from hours of personal interviews and/or 
through their children. High school students would be the perfect 
audience to have first-hand knowledge of what happened to these 
individuals 
 
The book is written in a short story format to make for easy and fast 
reading. Instead of focusing on the atrocities of the holocaust, it 
highlights their character strengths in overcoming the many obstacles 
they faced to stay alive during the holocaust. 
 
The survivors came from different parts of Europe, and not one story 
is like the other. The book walks you through their life experiences 
prior to the holocaust, during the holocaust, their liberation and 
establishing themselves in Israel. Now in their 80’s and 90’s, they 
still recall in detail their darkest memories. That was their miracle, 
and that is how they won! 
 
Antisemitism and hate crimes have spiked twofold over the last five 
years. This cannot continue. No matter what dark hole they were in, 
these survivors found light at end of the tunnel and overcame every 
hurdle they encountered. 
 
After emerging from the ashes of WWII in Europe, they attained their 
greatest goal of living in Eretz Israel. Their love for the Jewish 
homeland and the creation of families that embody children, 
grandchildren and great-grandchildren nullified Hitler’s aim to 
annihilate the Jews. 
 
I look forward to hearing from you, 
 
Ronald Diller 
 
